FileAPI.MFT/AspNet/README.md, before:

# File API Powershell Examples

**AspNet** folder includes a collection of examples that show how to integrate the **File API SDKs** with **.Net Core**.

## Getting Started 

Download **AspNet** folder.

Inside the folder there is a solution called **FileAPI.MFT**. This solution contains two projects:
  - **FileAPI.MFT.FileSystem.NetCore22**. This project provides examples of how to integrate **FileSystem SDK** using **.Net Core 2.2**.
  - **FileAPI.MFT.Streaming.NetCore22**. This projects provides examples of how to integrate **Streaming SDK** using **.Net Core 2.2**.

The examples are in the **Examples** folder and they are created as tests methods. Run them if you want to see the SDK working.

Most of the examples require custom parameters (like the tenant ID you want to use, the business type you want to upload the files to...).

This required data is in three places:
  - **config.json**: Contains some parameters that the SDK needs.
  - **Startup.cs**: When injecting the SDK, the second parameter needs to be provided.
  - **In each test**: Required data is at the beginning of each test, inside a **#region** called **Custom parameters**.

Please, fill the required data before running the examples.

**NOTE: If you are having errors when excuting the examples. Most likely will be caused because the custom parameters are not correctly provided.**

## Projects structure

Both projects has the same structure:
  - **Example** folder contains all the examples as test methods.
  - **Files** folder works as an internal file system. It also provides some sample files.
  - **config.json** contains some parameters that the SDK needs.
  - **Startup.cs** initialize the examples and injects the SDK.

## Running Examples

Please, refer the to [Microsoft documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/test/run-unit-tests-with-test-explorer?view=vs-2019).

The examples are populated with some logs. They are stored internally and shown after an example is executed. To see these logs go the **Test Explorer**, choose the executed test and press **Open additional output for this result**. You can get more information [here](https://xunit.net/docs/capturing-output).

**WARNING: Take on consideration that the tests are running through real environments. This mean that they will affect the data that is in these environments. Remember you can choose the environment in the config.json.**

## Authors

**Visma - Transporters Team**

Commit message:

#VRFTR-583: Add prerequisites to readme

FileAPI.MFT/AspNet/README.md, after:

# File API .Net Examples

**AspNet** folder includes a collection of examples that show how to integrate the **File API SDKs** with **.Net Core**.

## Prerequisites

You will need a GitHub account in order to get the Ftaas.Sdk packages.

## Getting Started 

Download **AspNet** folder.

Inside the folder there is a solution called **FileAPI.MFT**. This solution contains two projects:
  - **FileAPI.MFT.FileSystem.NetCore22**. This project provides examples of how to integrate **FileSystem SDK** using **.Net Core 2.2**.
  - **FileAPI.MFT.Streaming.NetCore22**. This projects provides examples of how to integrate **Streaming SDK** using **.Net Core 2.2**.

Configure nuget sources to retrieve the packages from transporters GitHub repository: [Set GitHub as nuget source](https://docs.github.com/en/packages/using-github-packages-with-your-projects-ecosystem/configuring-dotnet-cli-for-use-with-github-packages).

The examples are in the **Examples** folder and they are created as tests methods. Run them if you want to see the SDK working.

Most of the examples require custom parameters (like the tenant ID you want to use, the business type you want to upload the files to...).

This required data is in three places:
  - **config.json**: Contains some parameters that the SDK needs.
  - **Startup.cs**: When injecting the SDK, the second parameter needs to be provided.
  - **In each test**: Required data is at the beginning of each test, inside a **#region** called **Custom parameters**.

Please, fill the required data before running the examples.

**NOTE: If you are having errors when excuting the examples. Most likely will be caused because the custom parameters are not correctly provided.**

## Projects structure

Both projects has the same structure:
  - **Example** folder contains all the examples as test methods.
  - **Files** folder works as an internal file system. It also provides some sample files.
  - **config.json** contains some parameters that the SDK needs.
  - **Startup.cs** initialize the examples and injects the SDK.

## Running Examples

Please, refer to [Microsoft documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/test/run-unit-tests-with-test-explorer?view=vs-2019).

The examples are populated with some logs. They are stored internally and shown after an example is executed. To see these logs go the **Test Explorer**, choose the executed test and press **Open additional output for this result**. You can get more information [here](https://xunit.net/docs/capturing-output).

**WARNING: Take on consideration that the tests are running through real environments. This mean that they will affect the data that is in these environments. Remember you can choose the environment in the config.json.**

## Authors

**Visma - Transporters Team**
